# MovieProject Analysis

“Warner Bros." is the top movie producing company in terms of both movie count and popularity score. "Universal Pictures" and "Paramount Pictures" hold the 2nd and 3rd positions in both movie count and popularity score. The top movie producing companies based on movie count and popularity score have some overlap, but there are also differences. For example, "Walt Disney Pictures" and "New Line Cinema" are one the top companies in popularity score but did not make it to the top 10 list based on movie count. This means that although they produce a vast amount of movies, they aren’t successful. Some companies, like "Columbia Pictures" and "Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM)", are present in both lists, indicating their significant presence in the dataset in terms of movie production and popularity. 
The top production companies based on average popularity score are different from the top companies based on movie count or total popularity score. This indicates that while some companies may produce fewer movies, those movies could have a higher average popularity score, which might be due to the success of individual blockbuster movies produced by these companies."TENCENT PICTURES" is the highest-ranking production company in terms of average popularity score, followed by other companies like "DefyNite Films" and "Cruel & Unusual Films." The presence of "Warner Bros.", "Universal Pictures", "Paramount Pictures", "Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation", and "Columbia Pictures" in both the top 10 movie producing companies based on movie count and popularity score, as well as the top production companies based on average popularity score, suggests that these companies have both a large number of movies and generally high popularity scores for their films. 
We can then conclude that the production companies that have the highest number of movies have a higher total popularity score, however when you take the average popularity score of the production companies, the top movie producing companies are no where in the top 10 of the highest average popularity score. Although these companies produce alot of movies, they are do not all have high popularity score.

